== Github: how to avoid entering your ssh keys ==

If you already have your SSH keys set up and are still getting the password prompt, make sure your repo URL is in the form

git+ssh://git@github.com/username/reponame.git
as opposed to

https://github.com/username/reponame.git
To see your repo URL, run:

git remote show origin
You can change the URL with git remote set-url like so:

git remote set-url origin git+ssh://git@github.com/username/reponame.git
You can use a virtualenv for your IPython notebook. Follow the following steps:


== iPython: how to use virtualenv within your notebook ==

-> source my-virtualenv-name/bin/activate      # activate your virtualenv, if you haven't already
-> pip install ipykernel

Now run the kernel "self-install" script:
-> python -m ipykernel install --user --name=my-virtualenv-name

Replacing the --name parameter as appropriate.
You should now be able to see your kernel in the IPython notebook menu: Kernel -> Change kernel and be able so switch to it (you may need to refresh the page before it appears in the list). IPython will remember which kernel to use for that notebook from then on.


== Floating Point Representation -> Heuristics to Follow for Accuracy ==

* The order of evaluation can affect the accuracy of the result.
    -> example is adding 1e-9 to 1e9 a billion times could == 1e10 or (1e10 +1)
    -> all depending on addition order

* Whenever subtracting two numbers with the same signs or adding two numbers with different signs, the accuracy of the result may be less than the precision available in the floating-point format.
    -> heuristic is to add numbers close in value to each other before numbers very different in value from one another

* When performing a chain of calculations involving addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division, try to perform the multiplication and division operations first.
    -> example is adding 1e-10 to 1e10 a billion times could == 1e10 

* When multiplying and dividing sets of numbers, try to multiply and divide num- bers that have the same relative magnitudes.
    -> this reduces the risk of overflow or underflow

